---
title: Lesson 2 
layout: post
author: robert.ellis
permalink: /lesson-2-/
source-id: 1VXJT_Db6x2J3DT5rYBlkf5be9Xb4Ke94-ob2BD2iOQU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Improving the look of my blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Original template that isn't changed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a blog that has been reconfigured and changed to look better.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes my icon is a gif that I like and my background has changed
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I made fairly acute notes and I used them well throughout the lesson to help achieve the desired effect. Also, I have used a bit of initiative and others help to expand the work I am doing by instead of making my icon just and image, it is a gif.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At some points in my note taking I was behind a bit so had to try and catch up, which I think I did fairly well but I was rushing and my notes therefore were not 100% accurate. Also, I feel I spent too long looking for a gif I liked where really that was unnecessary and I could have spent more time on important things if it wasn't for this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I am going to take my notes on my iPad instead of on my computer as it being on the computer I feel is what slowed me down. Also I am going to try and stay on track more and focus on the things that matter not the things that are unnecessary. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


